Un-deprecate `Plumber$run(swaggerCallback=, debug=)` and add `Plumber$run(docs=,quiet=)` (#765)
rstudio/plumber: NEWS.md

* OpenAPI Specification can be set using a file path. (@meztez #696)

* Un-deprecated `Plumber$run(debug=, swaggerCallback=)` and added the parameters for `Plumber$run(docs=, quiet=)` and `pr_run(debug=, docs=, swaggerCallback=, quiet=)`. Now, all four parameters will not produce lingering effects on the `Plumber` router. (@jcheng5 #765)
  * Setting `quiet = TRUE` will suppress routine startup messages.
  * Setting `debug = TRUE`, will display information when an error occurs. See `pr_set_debug()`.
  * Setting `docs` will update the visual documentation. See `pr_set_docs()`.

>   * Setting `swaggerCallback` to a function which will be called with a url to the documentation. See `pr_set_docs_callback()`.

Author: ```suggestion
  * Set `swaggerCallback` to a function which will be called with a url to the documentation, or `NULL` to do nothing. See `pr_set_docs_callback()`.
```

* OpenAPI Specification can be set using a file path. (@meztez #696)

> * Added `quiet = TRUE` to `Plumber$run()` to suppress routine startup messages. (@jcheng5 #765)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `quiet = TRUE` to `pr_run()` and `Plumber$run()` to suppress routine startup messages. (@jcheng5 #765)
```
